Now that our data has been prepared and
organized, the next step is to determine
our control treatment store pairs.
It's important to think about
differences between stores that would
assist in properly matching control and
treatment stores.
Variables that were deemed important for
the day spa facial test were the store's
sales trend, matching the stores based
on foot traffic, the seasonality of
sales, matching stores with similar
seasonal traffic patterns, and
geographic region, to control for
regional customer preferences.
Let's create a new workflow and
bring in our weekly store traffic data.
As we discussed earlier,
numeric measures are needed
in order to match treatment
stores to control candidates.
Two of the best measures to
use are trend and seasonality.
In this example,
we'll use weekly store traffic data,
which we created in the data preparation
workflow, to calculate these measures.
First, let's drag an AB Trend
tool onto the canvas and
connect it to our data stream.
Select Store as the unit identifier,
Week_End as the reporting period and
Count as the performance measure to use.
For the report period type,
select Weekly for the period, and
we're going to use 6 as the number
of periods to calculate the trend.
The AB Trend tool uses a rolling average
and six weeks covers any variations
during a month,
as a month could have up to five weeks.
Select March 20th as
the test start date.
This date represents
the date the test started.
In other words,
the date you started offering facials at
different prices, and let's the AB Trend
tool know that it needs to use data
up to this date to calculate trends.
After configuring the AB Trend tool,
let's run the workflow to
ensure we have enough data and
periods to calculate results correctly.